Miss Jiang is not as good as this
You move into our house
Come on, Doudou, I'll see you every day from now on
And secondly, you save on rent.
Move to your house
I'll be sad if you're not by my side.
As soon as I saw Doudou crying, I couldn't help but soften my heart
Oops ok ok
Promise you ok
The hook is not allowed to change after hanging for a hundred years
Thank you, Miss Jiang.
Thank me for what
I'm not doing it for you
It was to tease me and I didn't say you were for me
Then Mr. Gu agreed that we would each pay half the rent
OK
Brother Zhengting, you are back.
Where have you been these two days?
I told you
Don't get involved in my personal affairs
Ok I don't ask
Me these two days?
Learned a new massage technique
It can effectively relieve fatigue
You try it
What are you doing?
I just want to give you a massage. Get out